Adding tools dir and README placeholder (#1)
mezo-org/validator-kit: README.md

# Validator kit

## Overview

> This repository contains the validator kit for Mezo chain. The validator kit is a collection of tools and documentation to help you run a validator node on Mezo chain. There are three main components of the validator kit:

Reviewer: Remember that there will be a third option: Helm chart. We should have a PR from the Boar team soon.

1) Docker Compose - contains files to run a validator node using Docker. This is the recommended way to run a validator node as it requires less setup and maintenance.

> 2) Native Binary - contains files to fetch the `mezod` binary from GCP Artifacts Registry and run it manually. This is an alternative way to run a validator node if you prefer to run it natively.

Reviewer: Let's make it more generic and don't mention GCP AR. One day, this will be GH releases in `mezod` or maybe something else. Making it more generic will make this part future proof. At the same time, the information where the binary is stored is not crucial for validators if this is done automatically.
```suggestion
2) Native Binary - contains files to fetch the `mezod` binary from a remote repository and run it manually. This is an alternative way to run a validator node if you prefer to run it natively.
```

> 3) Tools Hardhat - tasks to help you with the validator node management. This is a collection of tasks that can be used to interact with the validator node e.g. submit your application to become one of the PoA validators.

Reviewer: I would think about re-articulating this part. Those tools facilitate interaction with the part of the chain responsible for PoA management (i.e. the ValidatorPool precompile) - not the validator node itself.

Author: Sure, lemme know if that's ok [7d4a368](https://github.com/mezo-org/validator-kit/pull/1/commits/7d4a3683f0045efc8e4134a1675e325afd60d40d)

> As a validator you can chose between option 1) and 2) to run your validator node. Option 3) is common for both. In other words as a validator you can follow 1) -> 3) OR 2) -> 3) flow.

Reviewer: Nit: Saying that 3) is an option suggests this is an alternative to 1) or 2). Let's call it "point" instead.
```suggestion
As a validator you can chose between option 1) and 2) to run your validator node. Point 3) is common for both. In other words as a validator you can follow 1) -> 3) OR 2) -> 3) flow.
```

Author: Sure, here [7d4a368](https://github.com/mezo-org/validator-kit/pull/1/commits/7d4a3683f0045efc8e4134a1675e325afd60d40d)
